NMS-14215: Add encryption option for snmp config (#4875)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/provisioning/snmp-encryption.adoc

> == Encrypting SNMP Credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Encrypt SNMP credentials
```

> You can save SNMP credentials like readCommunity/WriteCommunity, authPassPhrase/privPassPhrase on the file system in encrypted format.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can save SNMP credentials like readCommunity/writeCommunity, authPassPhrase/privPassPhrase on the file system in encrypted format.
```

=== Encryption methodology

A random password is generated (once) for `snmp-config` alias and it is stored in java keystore file at `$OPENNMS_HOME/etc/scv.jce`.
This password is used to encrypt/decrypt SNMP credentials.

=== Enabling Encrption on SNMP Config

> Enable encryption on SNMP config by setting the following system property:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable encryption on SNMP configuration by setting the following system property:
```

[source, sh]
----
echo 'org.opennms.snmp.encryption.enabled=true' >> "$OPENNMS_HOME/etc/opennms.properties.d/snmp-encryption.properties"
----

> SNMP config that is modified through the user interface will be encrypted directly on the file system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SNMP configuration modified through the user interface is encrypted directly on the file system.
```
I'm not clear if this is a comment about how the UI functions, or this is describing a result of what happens with anything that has been modified via the UI as a result of running this command.

Author: we are saying SNMP configuration that is modified on UI will get encrypted immediately on the file system.

Author: > > we are saying SNMP configuration that is modified on UI will get encrypted immediately on the file system.
> 
> Thanks. I updated my edit slightly.

Handled.

> SNMP config that is modified through the user interface will be encrypted directly on the file system.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
SNMP config that is modified through the user interface will be encrypted directly on the filesystem.
```
